WIKIPEDIA. No. 1


Cat



ANIMAL


CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

The domestic cat (Felis silvestris catus or Felis catus)[1][5] is a small, typically furry, carnivorous mammal. They are often called house cats[6] when kept 
as indoor pets or simply cats when there is no need to distinguish them from other felids and felines. They are often valued by humans for companionship and 
for their ability to hunt vermin. There are more than seventy cat breeds recognized by various cat registries.

Cats are similar in anatomy to the other felids, with a strong flexible body, quick reflexes, sharp retractable claws, and teeth adapted to killing small prey. 
Cat senses fit a crepuscular and predatory ecological niche. Cats can hear sounds too faint or too high in frequency for human ears, such as those made by mice 
and other small animals. They can see in near darkness. Like most other mammals, cats have poorer color vision and a better sense of smell than humans. Cats, 
despite being solitary hunters, are a social species and cat communication includes the use of a variety of vocalizations (mewing, purring, trilling, hissing, 
growling, and grunting), as well as cat pheromones and types of cat-specific body language.[7]

Cats have a high breeding rate.[8] Under controlled breeding, they can be bred and shown as registered pedigree pets, a hobby known as cat fancy. Failure to 
control the breeding of pet cats by neutering, as well as the abandonment of former household pets, has resulted in large numbers of feral cats worldwide, 
requiring population control.[9] In certain areas outside cats' native range, this has contributed, along with habitat destruction and other factors, to the 
extinction of many bird species. Cats have been known to extirpate a bird species within specific regions and may have contributed to the extinction of 
isolated island populations.[10] Cats are thought to be primarily responsible for the extinction of 33 species of birds,[better source needed] and the presence 
of feral and free-ranging cats makes some otherwise suitable locations unsuitable for attempted species reintroduction.[11]

Since cats were venerated in ancient Egypt, they were commonly believed to have been domesticated there,[12] but there may have been instances of domestication 
as early as the Neolithic from around 9,500 years ago (7,500 BC).[13] A genetic study in 2007[14] concluded that all domestic cats are descended from Near 
Eastern wildcats, having diverged around 8,000 BC in the Middle East.[12][15] A 2016 study found that leopard cats were undergoing domestication independently 
in China around 5,500 BC, though this line of partially domesticated cats leaves no trace in the domesticated populations of today.[16][17] A 2017 study 
confirmed that domestic cats are descendants of those first domesticated by farmers in the Near East around 9,000 years ago.[18][19]

As of a 2007 study, cats are the second most popular pet in the US by number of pets owned, behind freshwater fish.[20] In a 2010 study they were ranked the 
third most popular pet in the UK, after fish and dogs, with around 8 million being owned.[21]

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cat




WIKIPEDIA No. 2


Carnegie_Mellon_University



UNIVERSITY



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Carnegie Mellon University (Carnegie Mellon or CMU /ˈkɑːrnɪɡi ˈmɛlən/ or /kɑːrˈneɪɡi ˈmɛlən/) is a private research university in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Founded in 1900 by Andrew Carnegie as the Carnegie Technical Schools, the university became the Carnegie Institute of Technology in 1912 and began granting 
four-year degrees. In 1967, the Carnegie Institute of Technology merged with the Mellon Institute of Industrial Research to form Carnegie Mellon University.

The university's 140-acre (57 ha) main campus is 3 miles (5 km) from Downtown Pittsburgh. Carnegie Mellon has seven colleges and independent schools: the 
College of Engineering, College of Fine Arts, Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences, Mellon College of Science, Tepper School of Business, H. John 
Heinz III College of Information Systems and Public Policy, and the School of Computer Science. The university also has campuses in Qatar and Silicon Valley, 
with degree-granting programs in six continents.

Carnegie Mellon is ranked 25th in the United States and 77th in the world by U.S. News & World Report.[9] It is home to the world's first degree-granting 
Robotics and Drama programs,[10] as well as one of the first Computer Science departments.[11] The university was ranked 89th for R&D in 2015 having spent $242 
million.[12]

Carnegie Mellon counts 13,650 students from 114 countries, over 100,000 living alumni, and over 5,000 faculty and staff. Past and present faculty and alumni 
include 20 Nobel Prize Laureates,[13] 12 Turing Award winners, 22 Members of the American Academy of Arts & Sciences,[14] 19 Fellows of the American 
Association for the Advancement of Science, 72 Members of the National Academies, 114 Emmy Award winners, 44 Tony Award laureates, and 7 Academy Award 
winners.[15]

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carnegie_Mellon_University




WIKIPEDIA No. 3


University_of_California,_Los_Angeles



UNIVERSITY



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

The University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) is a public research university in the Westwood district of Los Angeles, United States. It became the Southern 
Branch of the University of California in 1919, making it the second-oldest undergraduate campus of the ten-campus University of California system.[10] It 
offers 337 undergraduate and graduate degree programs in a wide range of disciplines.[11] UCLA enrolls about 31,000 undergraduate and 13,000 graduate 
students,[6] and had 119,000 applicants for Fall 2016, including transfer applicants, the most applicants for any American university.[12]

The university is organized into six undergraduate colleges, seven professional schools, and four professional health science schools. The undergraduate 
colleges are the College of Letters and Science; Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science (HSSEAS); School of the Arts and Architecture; Herb 
Alpert School of Music; School of Theater, Film and Television; and School of Nursing.

As of 2017, 24 Nobel laureates, 3 Fields Medalists, and 5 Turing Award winners have been affiliated with UCLA as faculty, researchers, or alumni.[13][14][15] 
In addition, two Chief Scientists of the U.S. Air Force . Among the current faculty members, 55 have been elected to the National Academy of Sciences, 28 to 
the National Academy of Engineering, 39 to the Institute of Medicine, and 124 to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.[16] The university was elected to 
the Association of American Universities in 1974.[17]

The Times Higher Education World University Rankings for 2017-2018 ranked UCLA 15th in the world for academics, No.1 US Public University for academics, and 
13th in the world for reputation.[18][19] In 2017, UCLA ranked 12th in the world (10th in North America) by the Academic Ranking of World Universities 
(ARWU)[20] and 33rd in the 2017-2018 QS World University Rankings.[21] In 2017, the Center for World University Rankings (CWUR) ranked the university 15th in 
the world based on quality of education, alumni employment, quality of faculty, publications, influence, citations, broad impact, and patents.[22] In 
2017-2018, US News & World Report ranked UCLA as the #1 public university in the United States in a tie with its sister campus, UC Berkeley.[23]

UCLA student-athletes compete as the Bruins in the Pac-12 Conference. The Bruins have won 126 national championships, including 114 NCAA team championships, 
more than any other university except Stanford.[24][25][26] UCLA student-athletes, coaches and staff won 251 Olympic medals: 126 gold, 65 silver and 60 
bronze.[27] UCLA student-athletes competed in every Olympics since 1920 with one exception (1924), and won a gold medal in every Olympics that the United 
States participated in since 1932.[28]

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_California,_Los_Angeles




WIKIPEDIA No. 4



Stanford_University



UNIVERSITY



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Stanford University (officially Leland Stanford Junior University,[11] colloquially the Farm) is a private research university in Stanford, California, in 
Silicon Valley, 20 miles (30 km) outside of San Jose. Because of its academic strength, wealth, and proximity to Silicon Valley, Stanford is often cited as one 
of the world's most prestigious universities.[12][13][14][15][16][17][18][19]

The university was founded in 1885 by Leland and Jane Stanford in memory of their only child, Leland Stanford Jr., who had died of typhoid fever at age 15 the 
previous year. Stanford was a former Governor of California and U.S. Senator; he made his fortune as a railroad tycoon. The school admitted its first students 
on October 1, 1891,[2][3] as a coeducational and non-denominational institution.

Stanford University struggled financially after Leland Stanford's death in 1893 and again after much of the campus was damaged by the 1906 San Francisco 
earthquake.[20] Following World War II, Provost Frederick Terman supported faculty and graduates' entrepreneurialism to build self-sufficient local industry in 
what would later be known as Silicon Valley.[21] The university is also one of the top fundraising institutions in the country, becoming the first school to 
raise more than a billion dollars in a year.[22]

The university is organized around three traditional schools consisting of 40 academic departments at the undergraduate and graduate level and four 
professional schools that focus on graduate programs in Law, Medicine, Education and Business. Stanford's undergraduate program is one of the top three most 
selective in the United States.[23][24][25][26][27] Students compete in 36 varsity sports, and the university is one of two private institutions in the 
Division I FBS Pac-12 Conference. It has gained 116 NCAA team championships,[28] the most for a university (two more than UCLA), 497 individual 
championships,[29] and has won the NACDA Directors' Cup for 23 consecutive years, beginning in 1994-1995.[30] In addition, Stanford students and alumni have 
won 270 Olympic medals including 139 gold medals.[31]

As of March 2018, 81 Nobel laureates, 27 Turing Award laureates,[note 1] and 7 Fields Medalists have been affiliated with Stanford as students, alumni, faculty 
or staff.[52] Stanford faculty and alumni have founded a large number of companies, these companies produce more than $2.7 trillion in annual revenue.[53] It 
is the alma mater of 30 living billionaires and 17 astronauts. It is also one of the leading producers of members of the United States Congress.[54][55]

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanford_University





WIKIPEDIA No. 5



Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology



UNIVERSITY



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is a private research university in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States. Founded in 1861 in response to the 
increasing industrialization of the United States, MIT adopted a European polytechnic university model and stressed laboratory instruction in applied science 
and engineering. The Institute is traditionally known for its research and education in the physical sciences and engineering, but more recently in biology, 
economics, linguistics and management as well. MIT is often cited among the world's best universities by various organizations.[10][11][12][13][14] It was 
ranked as the world's top university for 6 years in a row by QS.[15]

As of 2017, 91 Nobel laureates, 25 Turing Award winners, and 6 Fields Medalists have been affiliated with MIT as alumni, faculty members or researchers; in 
addition, 52 National Medal of Science recipients, 65 Marshall Scholars, 45 Rhodes Scholars, 38 MacArthur Fellows, 34 astronauts, 16 Chief Scientists of the 
U.S. Air Force and 6 Fields Medalists have been affiliated with MIT. The school has a strong entrepreneurial culture and the aggregated revenues of companies 
founded by MIT alumni would rank as the eleventh-largest economy in the world.[16][17] MIT is a member of the Association of American Universities (AAU).

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology




WIKIPEDIA No. 6



Dog



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

The domestic dog (Canis lupus familiaris or Canis familiaris)[4] is a member of the genus Canis (canines), which forms part of the wolf-like canids,[5] and is 
the most widely abundant terrestrial carnivore.[6][7][8][9][10] The dog and the extant gray wolf are sister taxa[11][12][13] as modern wolves are not closely 
related to the wolves that were first domesticated,[12][13] which implies that the direct ancestor of the dog is extinct.[14] The dog was the first species to 
be domesticated[13][15] and has been selectively bred over millennia for various behaviors, sensory capabilities, and physical attributes.[16]

Their long association with humans has led dogs to be uniquely attuned to human behavior[17] and they are able to thrive on a starch-rich diet that would be 
inadequate for other canid species.[18] New research seems to show that dogs have mutations to equivalent genetic regions in humans where changes are known to 
trigger high sociability and somewhat reduced intelligence.[19][20] Dogs vary widely in shape, size and colors.[21] Dogs perform many roles for people, such as 
hunting, herding, pulling loads, protection, assisting police and military, companionship and, more recently, aiding handicapped individuals and therapeutic 
roles. This influence on human society has given them the sobriquet "man's best friend".

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dog





WIKIPEDIA. No. 7



Fish

For the Independent Journal.



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Fish are the gill-bearing aquatic craniate animals that lack limbs with digits. They form a sister group to the tunicates, together forming the olfactores. 
Included in this definition are the living hagfish, lampreys, and cartilaginous and bony fish as well as various extinct related groups. Tetrapods emerged 
within lobe-finned fishes, so cladistically they are fish as well. However, traditionally fish are rendered paraphyletic by excluding the tetrapods (i.e., the 
amphibians, reptiles, birds and mammals which all descended from within the same ancestry). Because in this manner the term "fish" is defined negatively as a 
paraphyletic group, it is not considered a formal taxonomic grouping in systematic biology. The traditional term pisces (also ichthyes) is considered a 
typological, but not a phylogenetic classification.

The earliest organisms that can be classified as fish were soft-bodied chordates that first appeared during the Cambrian period. Although they lacked a true 
spine, they possessed notochords which allowed them to be more agile than their invertebrate counterparts. Fish would continue to evolve through the Paleozoic 
era, diversifying into a wide variety of forms. Many fish of the Paleozoic developed external armor that protected them from predators. The first fish with 
jaws appeared in the Silurian period, after which many (such as sharks) became formidable marine predators rather than just the prey of arthropods.

Most fish are ectothermic ("cold-blooded"), allowing their body temperatures to vary as ambient temperatures change, though some of the large active swimmers 
like white shark and tuna can hold a higher core temperature.[1][2]

Fish can communicate in their underwater environments through the use of acoustic communication. Acoustic communication in fish involves the transmission of 
acoustic signals from one individual of a species to another. The production of sounds as a means of communication among fish is most often used in the context 
of feeding, aggression or courtship behaviour.[3] The sounds emitted by fish can vary depending on the species and stimulus involved. They can produce either 
stridulatory sounds by moving components of the skeletal system, or can produce non-stridulatory sounds by manipulating specialized organs such as the 
swimbladder.[4]

Fish are abundant in most bodies of water. They can be found in nearly all aquatic environments, from high mountain streams (e.g., char and gudgeon) to the 
abyssal and even hadal depths of the deepest oceans (e.g., gulpers and anglerfish). With 33,600 described species, fish exhibit greater species diversity than 
any other group of vertebrates.[5]

Fish are an important resource for humans worldwide, especially as food. Commercial and subsistence fishers hunt fish in wild fisheries (see fishing) or farm 
them in ponds or in cages in the ocean (see aquaculture). They are also caught by recreational fishers, kept as pets, raised by fishkeepers, and exhibited in 
public aquaria. Fish have had a role in culture through the ages, serving as deities, religious symbols, and as the subjects of art, books and movies.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fish





WIKIPEDIA No. 8



Pig



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

A pig is any of the animals in the genus Sus, within the even-toed ungulate family Suidae. Pigs include the domestic pig and its ancestor, the common Eurasian 
wild boar (Sus scrofa), along with other species. Related creatures outside the genus include the peccary, the babirusa, and the warthog. Pigs, like all suids, 
are native to the Eurasian and African continents. Juvenile pigs are known as piglets.[1] Pigs are highly social and intelligent animals.[2]

With around 1 billion individuals alive at any time, the domestic pig is among the most populous large mammals in the world.[3][4] Pigs are omnivores and can 
consume a wide range of food.[5] Biologically, pigs are very similar to humans, thus are frequently used for human medical research.[6]

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pig





WIKIPEDIA No. 9



Horse



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

The horse (Equus ferus caballus)[2][3] is one of two extant subspecies of Equus ferus. It is an odd-toed ungulate mammal belonging to the taxonomic family 
Equidae. The horse has evolved over the past 45 to 55 million years from a small multi-toed creature, Eohippus, into the large, single-toed animal of today. 
Humans began to domesticate horses around 4000 BC, and their domestication is believed to have been widespread by 3000 BC. Horses in the subspecies caballus 
are domesticated, although some domesticated populations live in the wild as feral horses. These feral populations are not true wild horses, as this term is 
used to describe horses that have never been domesticated, such as the endangered Przewalski's horse, a separate subspecies, and the only remaining true wild 
horse. There is an extensive, specialized vocabulary used to describe equine-related concepts, covering everything from anatomy to life stages, size, colors, 
markings, breeds, locomotion, and behavior.

Horses' anatomy enables them to make use of speed to escape predators and they have a well-developed sense of balance and a strong fight-or-flight response. 
Related to this need to flee from predators in the wild is an unusual trait: horses are able to sleep both standing up and lying down, with younger horses 
tending to sleep significantly more than adults.[4] Female horses, called mares, carry their young for approximately 11 months, and a young horse, called a 
foal, can stand and run shortly following birth. Most domesticated horses begin training under saddle or in harness between the ages of two and four. They 
reach full adult development by age five, and have an average lifespan of between 25 and 30 years.

Horse breeds are loosely divided into three categories based on general temperament: spirited "hot bloods" with speed and endurance; "cold bloods", such as 
draft horses and some ponies, suitable for slow, heavy work; and "warmbloods", developed from crosses between hot bloods and cold bloods, often focusing on 
creating breeds for specific riding purposes, particularly in Europe. There are more than 300 breeds of horse in the world today, developed for many different 
uses.

Horses and humans interact in a wide variety of sport competitions and non-competitive recreational pursuits, as well as in working activities such as police 
work, agriculture, entertainment, and therapy. Horses were historically used in warfare, from which a wide variety of riding and driving techniques developed, 
using many different styles of equipment and methods of control. Many products are derived from horses, including meat, milk, hide, hair, bone, and 
pharmaceuticals extracted from the urine of pregnant mares. Humans provide domesticated horses with food, water and shelter, as well as attention from 
specialists such as veterinarians and farriers.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Horse





WIKIPEDIA No. 10



Pittsburgh



CITY



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Pittsburgh (/ˈpɪtsbɜːrɡ/ PITS-burg) is a city in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in the United States, and is the county seat of Allegheny County. As of 2017, 
a total population of 305,704 lives within the city limits, making it the 63rd-largest city in the U.S.[2][5] The metropolitan population of 2,353,045 is the 
largest in both the Ohio Valley and Appalachia, the second-largest in Pennsylvania (behind Philadelphia), and the 26th-largest in the U.S.

Located at the confluence of the Allegheny, Monongahela, and Ohio rivers, Pittsburgh is known as both "the Steel City" for its more than 300 steel-related 
businesses, and as the "City of Bridges" for its 446 bridges.[6] The city features 30 skyscrapers, two inclined railways, a pre-revolutionary fortification and 
the Point State Park at the confluence of the rivers. The city developed as a vital link of the Atlantic coast and Midwest, as the mineral-rich Allegheny 
Mountains made the area coveted by the French and British empires, Virginians, Whiskey Rebels, and Civil War raiders.[7]

Aside from steel, Pittsburgh has led in manufacturing of aluminum, glass, shipbuilding, petroleum, foods, sports, transportation, computing, autos, and 
electronics.[8] For part of the 20th century, Pittsburgh was behind only New York and Chicago in corporate headquarters employment; it had the most U.S. 
stockholders per capita.[9] America's 1980s deindustrialization laid off area blue-collar workers and thousands of downtown white-collar workers when the 
longtime Pittsburgh-based world headquarters moved out.[10] This heritage left the area with renowned museums, medical centers,[11] parks, research centers, 
libraries, a diverse cultural district and the most bars per capita in the U.S.[12]

Today, Google, Apple Inc., Bosch, Facebook, Uber, Nokia, Autodesk, and IBM are among 1,600 technology firms generating $20.7 billion in annual Pittsburgh 
payrolls. The area has served as the long-time federal agency headquarters for cyber defense, software engineering, robotics, energy research and the nuclear 
navy.[13] The area is home to 68 colleges and universities, including research and development leaders Carnegie Mellon University and the University of 
Pittsburgh.[14] The nation's eighth-largest bank, eight Fortune 500 companies, and six of the top 300 U.S. law firms make their global headquarters in the 
Pittsburgh area, while RAND, BNY Mellon, Nova, FedEx, Bayer and NIOSH have regional bases that helped Pittsburgh become the sixth-best area for U.S. job 
growth.[15]

In 2015, Pittsburgh was listed among the "eleven most livable cities in the world";[16] The Economist's Global Liveability Ranking placed Pittsburgh as the 
first- or second-most livable city in the United States in 2005, 2009, 2011, 2012 and 2014.[17] The region is a hub for Leadership in Energy and Environmental 
Design, sustainable energy, and energy extraction.[18]

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pittsburgh





WIKIPEDIA No. 11



Tiger



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

The tiger (Panthera tigris) is the largest cat species, most recognizable for their pattern of dark vertical stripes on reddish-orange fur with a lighter 
underside. The species is classified in the genus Panthera with the lion, leopard, jaguar, and snow leopard. Tigers are apex predators, primarily preying on 
ungulates such as deer and bovids. They are territorial and generally solitary but social animals, often requiring large contiguous areas of habitat that 
support their prey requirements. This, coupled with the fact that they are indigenous to some of the more densely populated places on Earth, has caused 
significant conflicts with humans.

Tigers once ranged widely across Eurasia, from the Black Sea in the west, to the Indian Ocean in the south, and from Kolyma to Sumatra in the east. Over the 
past 100 years, they have lost 93% of their historic range, and have been extirpated from Western and Central Asia, from the islands of Java and Bali, and from 
large areas of Southeast, Southern, and Eastern Asia. Today, they range from the Siberian taiga to open grasslands and tropical mangrove swamps. The remaining 
six tiger subspecies have been classified as endangered by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). Major reasons for population decline 
include habitat destruction, habitat fragmentation and poaching. The extent of area occupied by tigers is estimated at less than 1,184,911 km2 (457,497 sq mi), 
a 41% decline from the area estimated in the mid-1990s.[1]

The global population in the wild is estimated to number between 3,062 and 3,948 individuals, down from around 100,000 at the start of the 20th century, with 
most remaining populations occurring in small pockets isolated from each other, in which about 2,000 tigers live on the Indian subcontinent.[4] In 2016, an 
estimate of a global wild tiger population of approximately 3,890 individuals was presented during the Third Asia Ministerial Conference on Tiger 
Conservation.[5][6] The WWF declared that the world's count of wild tigers has risen for the first time in a century.[7]

Tigers are among the most recognisable and popular of the world's megafauna. They have featured prominently in ancient mythology and folklore, and continue to 
be depicted in modern films and literature. They appear on many flags, coats of arms, and as mascots for sporting teams. The tiger is the national animal of 
Bangladesh, India, Malaysia and South Korea.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiger




WIKIPEDIA No. 12



Boar



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

The wild boar (Sus scrofa), also known as the wild swine[3] Eurasian wild pig,[4] or simply wild pig,[5] is a suid native to much of Eurasia, North Africa, and 
the Greater Sunda Islands. Human intervention has spread its distribution further, making the species one of the widest-ranging mammals in the world, as well 
as the most widely spread suiform.[4] Its wide range, high numbers, and adaptability mean that it is classed as least concern by the IUCN[1] and it has become 
an invasive species in part of its introduced range. The animal probably originated in Southeast Asia during the Early Pleistocene,[6] and outcompeted other 
suid species as it spread throughout the Old World.[7]

As of 1990, up to 16 subspecies are recognized, which are divided into four regional groupings based on skull height and lacrimal bone length.[2] The species 
lives in matriarchal societies consisting of interrelated females and their young (both male and female). Fully grown males are usually solitary outside the 
breeding season.[8] The grey wolf is the wild boar's main predator throughout most of its range except in the Far East and the Lesser Sunda Islands, where it 
is replaced by the tiger and Komodo dragon, respectively.[9][10] It has a long history of association with humans, having been the ancestor of most domestic 
pig breeds and a big-game animal for millennia.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boar





WIKIPEDIA No. 13



Mouse



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

A mouse (Mus), plural mice is a small rodent characteristically having a pointed snout, small rounded ears, a body-length scaly tail and a high breeding rate. 
The best known mouse species is the common house mouse (Mus musculus). It is also a popular pet. In some places, certain kinds of field mice are locally 
common. They are known to invade homes for food and shelter.

Domestic mice sold as pets often differ substantially in size from the common house mouse. This is attributable both to breeding and to different conditions in 
the wild. The most well known strain, the white lab mouse, has more uniform traits that are appropriate to its use in research.

The American white-footed mouse (Peromyscus leucopus) and the deer mouse (Peromyscus maniculatus), as well as other common species of mouse-like rodents around 
the world, also sometimes live in houses. These, however, are in other genera.

Cats, wild dogs, foxes, birds of prey, snakes and even certain kinds of arthropods have been known to prey heavily upon mice. Nevertheless, because of its 
remarkable adaptability to almost any environment, the mouse is one of the most successful mammalian genera living on Earth today.

Mice, in certain contexts, can be considered vermin which are a major source of crop damage,[1] causing structural damage and spreading diseases through their 
parasites and feces.[2] In North America, breathing dust that has come in contact with mouse excrement has been linked to hantavirus, which may lead to 
hantavirus pulmonary syndrome (HPS).

Primarily nocturnal[3][4] animals, mice compensate for their poor eyesight with a keen sense of hearing, and rely especially on their sense of smell to locate 
food and avoid predators.[5]

Mice build long intricate burrows in the wild. These typically have long entrances and are equipped with escape tunnels or routes. In at least one species, the 
architectural design of a burrow is a genetic trait.[6]

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mouse





WIKIPEDIA No. 14



New_York_City



CITY



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

The City of New York, often called New York City or simply New York, is the most populous city in the United States.[10] With an estimated 2017 population of 
8,622,698[8] distributed over a land area of about 302.6 square miles (784 km2),[11][12] New York City is also the most densely populated major city in the 
United States.[13] Located at the southern tip of the state of New York, the city is the center of the New York metropolitan area, one of the most populous 
urban agglomerations in the world,[14][15] with an estimated 20.3 million people in its 2017 Metropolitan Statistical Area and 23.7 million residents in its 
Combined Statistical Area.[5][6] A global power city,[16] New York City has been described as the cultural, financial, and media capital[17][18] of the 
world,[19][20][21][22][23] and exerts a significant impact upon commerce,[23] entertainment, research, technology, education, politics, tourism, and sports. 
The city's fast pace[24][25] defines the term New York minute.[26] Home to the headquarters of the United Nations,[27] New York is an important center for 
international diplomacy.[28]

Situated on one of the world's largest natural harbors,[29][30] New York City consists of five boroughs, each of which is a separate county of the State of New 
York.[31] The five boroughs - Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, The Bronx, and Staten Island - were consolidated into a single city in 1898.[32] The city and its 
metropolitan area constitute the premier gateway for legal immigration to the United States.[33] As many as 800 languages are spoken in New York,[34][35][36] 
making it the most linguistically diverse city in the world.[35][37][38] New York City is home to more than 3.2 million residents born outside the United 
States,[39] the largest foreign-born population of any city in the world.[40] In 2013, the tri-state New York Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) produced a 
gross metropolitan product (GMP) of nearly US$1.4 trillion.[41] If greater New York City were a sovereign state, it would have the 12th highest GDP in the 
world.[42]

New York City traces its origins to a trading post founded by colonists from the Dutch Republic in 1624 on Lower Manhattan; the post was named New Amsterdam in 
1626.[43] The city and its surroundings came under English control in 1664[43] and were renamed New York after King Charles II of England granted the lands to 
his brother, the Duke of York.[44] New York served as the capital of the United States from 1785 until 1790.[45] It has been the country's largest city since 
1790.[46] The Statue of Liberty greeted millions of immigrants as they came to the Americas by ship in the late 19th and early 20th centuries[47] and is a 
world symbol of the United States and its ideals of liberty and peace.[48] In the 21st century, New York has emerged as a global node of creativity and 
entrepreneurship,[49] social tolerance,[50] and environmental sustainability,[51][52] and as a symbol of freedom and cultural diversity.[53]

Many districts and landmarks in New York City are well known, and the city received a record 61 million tourists in 2016,[54] hosting three of the world's ten 
most visited tourist attractions in 2013.[55] Several sources have ranked New York the most photographed city in the world.[56][57] Times Square, iconic as the 
world's "heart"[58] and its "Crossroads",[59] is the brightly illuminated hub of the Broadway Theater District,[60] one of the world's busiest pedestrian 
intersections,[61][62] and a major center of the world's entertainment industry.[63] The names of many of the city's bridges, skyscrapers,[64] and parks are 
known around the world. Anchored by Wall Street in the Financial District of Lower Manhattan, New York City has been called both the most economically powerful 
city and the leading financial center of the world,[23][65][66][67] and the city is home to the world's two largest stock exchanges by total market 
capitalization, the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ.[68][69] Manhattan's real estate market is among the most expensive in the world.[70][71] Manhattan's 
Chinatown incorporates the highest concentration of Chinese people in the Western Hemisphere,[72][73] with multiple signature Chinatowns developing across the 
city.[74][75] Providing continuous 24/7 service,[76] the New York City Subway is one of the most extensive metro systems worldwide, with 472 stations in 
operation.[77][78][79] Over 120 colleges and universities are located in New York City, including Columbia University, New York University, and Rockefeller 
University, which have been ranked among the top universities in the world.[80][81]

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_City





WIKIPEDIA No. 15



Snake



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Snakes are elongated, legless, carnivorous reptiles of the suborder Serpentes.[2] Like all squamates, snakes are ectothermic, amniote vertebrates covered in 
overlapping scales. Many species of snakes have skulls with several more joints than their lizard ancestors, enabling them to swallow prey much larger than 
their heads with their highly mobile jaws. To accommodate their narrow bodies, snakes' paired organs (such as kidneys) appear one in front of the other instead 
of side by side, and most have only one functional lung. Some species retain a pelvic girdle with a pair of vestigial claws on either side of the cloaca. 
Lizards have evolved elongate bodies without limbs or with greatly reduced limbs about twenty five times independently via convergent evolution, leading to 
many lineages of legless lizards.[3] Legless lizards resemble snakes, but several common groups of legless lizards have eyelids and external ears, which snakes 
lack, although this rule is not universal (see Amphisbaenia, Dibamidae, and Pygopodidae).

Living snakes are found on every continent except Antarctica, and on most smaller land masses; exceptions include some large islands, such as Ireland, Iceland, 
Greenland, the Hawaiian archipelago, and the islands of New Zealand, and many small islands of the Atlantic and central Pacific oceans.[4] Additionally, sea 
snakes are widespread throughout the Indian and Pacific Oceans. More than 20 families are currently recognized, comprising about 520 genera and about 3,600 
species.[5][6] They range in size from the tiny, 10.4 cm (4.1 in)-long thread snake[7] to the reticulated python of 6.95 meters (22.8 ft) in length.[8] The 
fossil species Titanoboa cerrejonensis was 12.8 meters (42 ft) long.[9] Snakes are thought to have evolved from either burrowing or aquatic lizards, perhaps 
during the Jurassic period, with the earliest known fossils dating to between 143 and 167 Ma ago.[10] The diversity of modern snakes appeared during the 
Paleocene period (c 66 to 56 Ma ago). The oldest preserved descriptions of snakes can be found in the Brooklyn Papyrus.

Most species are nonvenomous and those that have venom use it primarily to kill and subdue prey rather than for self-defense. Some possess venom potent enough 
to cause painful injury or death to humans. Nonvenomous snakes either swallow prey alive or kill by constriction.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snake





WIKIPEDIA No. 16



Scorpion


ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Scorpions are predatory arachnids of the order Scorpiones. They have eight legs[1] and are easily recognized by the pair of grasping pedipalps and the narrow, 
segmented tail, often carried in a characteristic forward curve over the back, ending with a venomous stinger. Scorpions range in size from 9 mm / 0.3 in. 
(Typhlochactas mitchelli) to 23 cm / 9 in. (Heterometrus swammerdami).[2]

The evolutionary history of scorpions goes back to the Silurian era 430 million years ago. They have adapted to a wide range of environmental conditions and 
can now be found on all continents except Antarctica. Scorpions number about 1750 described species,[3] with 13 extant (living) families recognised to date. 
The taxonomy has undergone changes and is likely to change further, as genetic studies are bringing forth new information.

All scorpions have a venomous sting, but the vast majority of the species do not represent a serious threat to humans and in most cases healthy adults do not 
need any medical treatment after being stung.[4] Only about 25 species are known to have venom capable of killing a human.[5]:1 In some parts of the world with 
highly toxic species human fatalities regularly occur, primarily in areas with limited access to medical treatment.[4]

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scorpion





WIKIPEDIA No. 17



Duck



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Duck is the common name for a large number of species in the waterfowl family Anatidae, which also includes swans and geese. Ducks are divided among several 
subfamilies in the family Anatidae; they do not represent a monophyletic group (the group of all descendants of a single common ancestral species) but a form 
taxon, since swans and geese are not considered ducks. Ducks are mostly aquatic birds, mostly smaller than the swans and geese, and may be found in both fresh 
water and sea water.

Ducks are sometimes confused with several types of unrelated water birds with similar forms, such as loons or divers, grebes, gallinules, and coots.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duck





WIKIPEDIA No. 18



Washington,_D.C.



CITY



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Washington, D.C., formally the District of Columbia and commonly referred to as Washington or D.C., is the capital of the United States of America.[4] Founded 
after the American Revolution as the seat of government of the newly independent country, Washington was named after George Washington, first President of the 
United States and Founding Father.[5] Washington is the principal city of the Washington Metropolitan Area, which has a population of 6,131,977.[6] Washington 
is described as the political Capital of the World, owing to its status as the seat of the United States Federal Government and numerous international 
institutions, such as the World Bank and International Monetary Fund.[7] Washington is one of the most visited cities in the world, with more than 20 million 
annual tourists.[8][9]

The signing of the Residence Act on July 16, 1790, approved the creation of a capital district located along the Potomac River on the country's East Coast. The 
U.S. Constitution provided for a federal district under the exclusive jurisdiction of the Congress and the District is therefore not a part of any state. The 
states of Maryland and Virginia each donated land to form the federal district, which included the pre-existing settlements of Georgetown and Alexandria. Named 
in honor of President George Washington, the City of Washington was founded in 1791 to serve as the new national capital. In 1846, Congress returned the land 
originally ceded by Virginia; in 1871, it created a single municipal government for the remaining portion of the District.

Washington had an estimated population of 693,972 as of July 2017. Commuters from the surrounding Maryland and Virginia suburbs raise the city's population to 
more than one million during the workweek. The Washington metropolitan area, of which the District is the principal city, has a population of over 6 million, 
the sixth-largest metropolitan statistical area in the country.

All three branches of the U.S. Federal Government are centered in the District: U.S. Congress (legislative), President (executive), and the U.S. Supreme Court 
(judicial). Washington is home to many national monuments and museums, which are primarily situated on or around the National Mall. The city hosts 177 foreign 
embassies as well as the headquarters of many international organizations, trade unions, non-profit, lobbying groups, and professional associations, including 
the Organization of American States, AARP, the National Geographic Society, the Human Rights Campaign, NASA, the International Finance Corporation, and the 
American Red Cross.

A locally elected mayor and a 13‑member council have governed the District since 1973. However, Congress maintains supreme authority over the city and may 
overturn local laws. D.C. residents elect a non-voting, at-large congressional delegate to the House of Representatives, but the District has no representation 
in the Senate. The District receives three electoral votes in presidential elections as permitted by the Twenty-third Amendment to the United States 
Constitution, ratified in 1961.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Washington,_D.C.





WIKIPEDIA No. 19



Los_Angeles



CITY



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Los Angeles (/lɒs ˈændʒələs/ (About this sound listen);[17] Spanish for "The Angels"; Spanish pronunciation: [los ˈaŋxeles]), officially the City of Los 
Angeles and often known by its initials L.A., is the cultural, financial, and commercial center of Southern California. With a U.S. Census-estimated 2016 
population of 3,976,322,[18] it is the second most populous city in the United States (after New York City) and the most populous city in the state of 
California. Located in a large coastal basin surrounded on three sides by mountains reaching up to and over 10,000 feet (3,000 m), Los Angeles covers an area 
of about 469 square miles (1,210 km2).[19] The city is also the seat of Los Angeles County, the most populated county in the country. Los Angeles is the center 
of the Los Angeles metropolitan area, with 13,131,431 residents,[20] and is part of the larger designated Los Angeles-Long Beach combined statistical area 
(CSA), the second most populous in the nation with a 2015 estimated population of 18.7 million.[21]

Historically home to the Chumash and Tongva, Los Angeles was claimed by Juan Rodríguez Cabrillo for Spain in 1542 along with the rest of what would become Alta 
California. The city was officially founded on September 4, 1781, by Spanish governor Felipe de Neve. It became a part of Mexico in 1821 following the Mexican 
War of Independence. In 1848, at the end of the Mexican-American War, Los Angeles and the rest of California were purchased as part of the Treaty of Guadalupe 
Hidalgo, thereby becoming part of the United States. Los Angeles was incorporated as a municipality on April 4, 1850, five months before California achieved 
statehood. The discovery of oil in the 1890s brought rapid growth to the city.[22] The completion of the Los Angeles Aqueduct in 1913, delivering water from 
Eastern California, later assured the city's continued rapid growth.

Nicknamed the "City of Angels" in part because of how its name translates from the Spanish, Los Angeles is known for its Mediterranean climate, ethnic 
diversity, and sprawling metropolis. The city is also one of the most substantial economic engines within the nation, with a diverse economy in a broad range 
of professional and cultural fields. Los Angeles is also famous as the home of Hollywood, a major center of the world entertainment industry. A global city, it 
has been ranked 6th in the Global Cities Index and 9th in the Global Economic Power Index. The Los Angeles combined statistical area (CSA) also has a gross 
metropolitan product (GMP) of $831 billion (as of 2008), making it the third-largest in the world, after the Greater Tokyo and New York metropolitan areas. Los 
Angeles hosted the 1932 and 1984 Summer Olympics and will host the Olympic Games for a third time in 2028.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Los_Angeles





WIKIPEDIA No. 20



San_Fransisco


CITY



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

San Francisco (initials SF[17]; /ˌsæn frənˈsɪskoʊ, fræn-/, Spanish for 'Saint Francis'; Spanish: [san franˈsisko]), officially the City and County of San 
Francisco, is the cultural, commercial, and financial center of Northern California. It covers an area of about 46.89 square miles (121.4 km2),[18] mostly at 
the north end of the San Francisco Peninsula in the San Francisco Bay Area. San Francisco is the fourth-most populous city in California and the 13th-most 
populous in the United States, with a 2017 census-estimated population of 884,363.[19] The consolidated city-county is also the fifth most densely populated 
U.S. county, behind only four New York City boroughs. As of 2016, it was the 7th highest-income county in the United States, with a per capita personal income 
of $110,418.[20]

San Francisco was founded on June 29, 1776, when colonists from Spain established Presidio of San Francisco at the Golden Gate and Mission San Francisco de 
Asís a few miles away, all named for St. Francis of Assisi.[1] The California Gold Rush of 1849 brought rapid growth, making it the largest city on the West 
Coast at the time. San Francisco became a consolidated city-county in 1856.[21] After three-quarters of the city was destroyed by the 1906 earthquake and 
fire,[22] San Francisco was quickly rebuilt, hosting the Panama-Pacific International Exposition nine years later. In World War II, San Francisco was a major 
port of embarkation for service members shipping out to the Pacific Theater.[23] It then became the birthplace of the United Nations in 1945.[24][25][26] After 
the war, the confluence of returning servicemen, significant immigration, liberalizing attitudes, along with the rise of the "hippie" counterculture, the 
Sexual Revolution, the Peace Movement growing from opposition to United States involvement in the Vietnam War, and other factors led to the Summer of Love and 
the gay rights movement, cementing San Francisco as a center of liberal activism in the United States. Politically, the city votes strongly along liberal 
Democratic Party lines.

A popular tourist destination,[27] San Francisco is known for its cool summers, fog, steep rolling hills, eclectic mix of architecture, and landmarks, 
including the Golden Gate Bridge, cable cars, the former Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary, Fisherman's Wharf, and its Chinatown district. San Francisco is also 
the headquarters of five major banking institutions and various other companies such as Levi Strauss & Co., Gap Inc., Fitbit, Salesforce.com, Dropbox, Reddit, 
Square, Inc., Dolby, Airbnb, Weebly, Pacific Gas and Electric Company, Yelp, Pinterest, Twitter, Uber, Lyft, Mozilla, Wikimedia Foundation, Craigslist, and 
Weather Underground. It is home to a number of educational and cultural institutions, such as the University of San Francisco (USF), University of California, 
San Francisco (UCSF), San Francisco State University (SFSU), the De Young Museum, the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, and the California Academy of 
Sciences.

San Francisco has several nicknames, including "The City by the Bay", "Golden Gate City",[28] "Frisco", "SF", "San Fran", and "Fog City", as well as older ones 
like "The City that Knows How", "Baghdad by the Bay", "The Paris of the West", or, as locals call it, "The City".[17] As of 2017, San Francisco is ranked high 
on world liveability rankings.[29]

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Fransisco





WIKIPEDIA No. 21



Chicken



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

The chicken (Gallus gallus domesticus) is a type of domesticated fowl, a subspecies of the red junglefowl. It is one of the most common and widespread domestic 
animals, with a total population of more than 19 billion as of 2011. There are more chickens than any other bird or domesticated fowl.[1] Humans keep chickens 
primarily as a source of food (consuming both their meat and eggs) and, more rarely, as pets.

Genetic studies have pointed to multiple maternal origins in Southeast Asia, East Asia,[2] and South Asia, but with the clade found in the Americas, Europe, 
the Middle East and Africa originating in the Indian subcontinent. From India, the domesticated chicken was imported to Lydia in western Asia Minor, and to 
Greece by the fifth century BC.[3] Fowl had been known in Egypt since the mid-15th century BC, with the "bird that gives birth every day" having come to Egypt 
from the land between Syria and Shinar, Babylonia, according to the annals of Thutmose III.[4][5][6]

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chicken





WIKIPEDIA No. 22



Giant_panda



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

The giant panda (Ailuropoda melanoleuca, literally "black and white cat-foot"; pinyin: dà xióng māo, literally "big bear cat"),[4] also known 
as panda bear or simply panda, is a bear[5] native to south central China.[1] It is easily recognized by the large, distinctive black patches around its eyes, 
over the ears, and across its round body. The name "giant panda" is sometimes used to distinguish it from the unrelated red panda. Though it belongs to the 
order Carnivora, the giant panda's diet is over 99% bamboo.[6] Giant pandas in the wild will occasionally eat other grasses, wild tubers, or even meat in the 
form of birds, rodents, or carrion. In captivity, they may receive honey, eggs, fish, yams, shrub leaves, oranges, or bananas along with specially prepared 
food.[7][8]

The giant panda lives in a few mountain ranges in central China, mainly in Sichuan, but also in neighbouring Shaanxi and Gansu.[9] As a result of farming, 
deforestation, and other development, the giant panda has been driven out of the lowland areas where it once lived.

The giant panda is a conservation reliant vulnerable species.[10][11] A 2007 report showed 239 pandas living in captivity inside China and another 27 outside 
the country.[12] As of December 2014, 49 giant pandas lived in captivity outside China, living in 18 zoos in 13 different countries.[13] Wild population 
estimates vary; one estimate shows that there are about 1,590 individuals living in the wild,[12] while a 2006 study via DNA analysis estimated that this 
figure could be as high as 2,000 to 3,000.[14] Some reports also show that the number of giant pandas in the wild is on the rise.[15] In March 2015, Mongabay 
stated that the wild giant panda population had increased by 268, or 16.8%, to 1,864.[16] In 2016, the IUCN reclassified the species from "endangered" to 
"vulnerable".[11]

While the dragon has often served as China's national symbol, internationally the giant panda appears at least as commonly.[citation needed] As such, it is 
becoming widely used within China in international contexts, for example since 1982 issuing gold panda bullion coins or as one of the five Fuwa mascots of the 
Beijing Olympics.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giant_panda






WIKIPEDIA No. 23



Bear



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Bears are carnivoran mammals of the family Ursidae. They are classified as caniforms, or doglike carnivorans. Although only eight species of bears are extant, 
they are widespread, appearing in a wide variety of habitats throughout the Northern Hemisphere and partially in the Southern Hemisphere. Bears are found on 
the continents of North America, South America, Europe, and Asia. Common characteristics of modern bears include large bodies with stocky legs, long snouts, 
small rounded ears, shaggy hair, plantigrade paws with five nonretractile claws, and short tails.

While the polar bear is mostly carnivorous, and the giant panda feeds almost entirely on bamboo, the remaining six species are omnivorous with varied diets. 
With the exception of courting individuals and mothers with their young, bears are typically solitary animals. They may be diurnal or nocturnal and have an 
excellent sense of smell. Despite their heavy build and awkward gait, they are adept runners, climbers, and swimmers. Bears use shelters, such as caves and 
logs, as their dens; most species occupy their dens during the winter for a long period of hibernation, up to 100 days.

Bears have been hunted since prehistoric times for their meat and fur; they have been used for bear-baiting and other forms of entertainment, such as being 
made to dance. With their powerful physical presence, they play a prominent role in the arts, mythology, and other cultural aspects of various human 
societies. In modern times, bears have come under pressure through encroachment on their habitats and illegal trade in bear parts, including the Asian bile 
bear market. The IUCN lists six bear species as vulnerable or endangered, and even least concern species, such as the brown bear, are at risk of extirpation 
in certain countries. The poaching and international trade of these most threatened populations are prohibited, but still ongoing.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bear





WIKIPEDIA No. 24



Rabbit



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Rabbits are small mammals in the family Leporidae of the order Lagomorpha (along with the hare and the pika). Oryctolagus cuniculus includes the European 
rabbit species and its descendants, the over 200 breeds of domestic rabbit. Sylvilagus includes thirteen wild rabbit species, among them the seven types of 
cottontail. The rabbit is familiar as a wild prey animal and as a domesticated form of livestock and pet throughout much of the world. With its far-reaching 
effect on ecologies and on cultures, the rabbit (or bunny) has made its way into our daily life—as food, clothing, and companion—and our art, as symbol and 
muse.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rabbit





WIKIPEDIA No. 25



Crocodile



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Crocodiles (subfamily Crocodylinae) or true crocodiles are large aquatic reptiles that live throughout the tropics in Africa, Asia, the Americas and 
Australia. Crocodylinae, all of whose members are considered true crocodiles, is classified as a biological subfamily. A broader sense of the term crocodile, 
Crocodylidae that includes Tomistoma, is not used in this article. The term crocodile here applies to only the species within the subfamily of Crocodylinae. 
The term is sometimes used even more loosely to include all extant members of the order Crocodilia, which includes the alligators and caimans (family 
Alligatoridae), the gharial and false gharial (family Gavialidae), and all other living and fossil Crocodylomorpha.

Although they appear similar, crocodiles, alligators and the gharial belong to separate biological families. The gharial, with its narrow snout, is easier to 
distinguish, while morphological differences are more difficult to spot in crocodiles and alligators. The most obvious external differences are visible in the 
head, with crocodiles having narrower and longer heads, with a more V-shaped than a U-shaped snout compared to alligators and caimans. Another obvious trait 
is that the upper and lower jaws of the crocodiles are the same width, and the teeth in the lower jaw fall along the edge or outside the upper jaw when the 
mouth is closed; therefore, all teeth are visible, unlike an alligator, which possesses in the upper jaw small depressions into which the lower teeth fit. 
Also, when the crocodile's mouth is closed, the large fourth tooth in the lower jaw fits into a constriction in the upper jaw. For hard-to-distinguish 
specimens, the protruding tooth is the most reliable feature to define the species' family.[1] Crocodiles have more webbing on the toes of the hind feet and 
can better tolerate saltwater due to specialized salt glands for filtering out salt, which are present, but non-functioning, in alligators. Another trait that 
separates crocodiles from other crocodilians is their much higher levels of aggression.[2]

Crocodile size, morphology, behaviour and ecology differ somewhat among species. However, they have many similarities in these areas as well. All crocodiles 
are semiaquatic and tend to congregate in freshwater habitats such as rivers, lakes, wetlands and sometimes in brackish water and saltwater. They are 
carnivorous animals, feeding mostly on vertebrates such as fish, reptiles, birds and mammals, and sometimes on invertebrates such as molluscs and crustaceans, 
depending on species and age. All crocodiles are tropical species that, unlike alligators, are very sensitive to cold. They separated from other crocodilians 
during the Eocene epoch, about 55 million years ago.[3] Many species are at the risk of extinction, some being classified as critically endangered.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crocodile





WIKIPEDIA No. 26



University_of_Texas_at_Austin



UNIVERSITY



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

The University of Texas at Austin (UT, UT Austin, or Texas)[10][11] is a public research university and the flagship institution of the University of Texas 
System.[12] Founded in 1881, its campus is located in Austin, Texas, United States, approximately one mile (1.6 km) from the Texas State Capitol. UT Austin 
was inducted into the Association of American Universities in 1929, becoming only the third university in the American South to be elected. The institution 
has the nation's eighth-largest single-campus enrollment, with over 50,000 undergraduate and graduate students and over 24,000 faculty and staff.[13]

A Public Ivy, it is a major center for academic research, with research expenditures exceeding $550 million for the 2014-2015 school year.[14] The university 
houses seven museums and seventeen libraries, including the Lyndon Baines Johnson Library and Museum and the Blanton Museum of Art, and operates various 
auxiliary research facilities, such as the J. J. Pickle Research Campus and the McDonald Observatory. Among university faculty are recipients of the Nobel 
Prize, Pulitzer Prize, the Wolf Prize, the Emmy Award, the Turing Award, and the National Medal of Science, as well as many other awards.

UT Austin student athletes compete as the Texas Longhorns and are members of the Big 12 Conference. Its Longhorn Network is the only sports network featuring 
the college sports of a single university. The Longhorns have won four NCAA Division I National Football Championships, six NCAA Division I National Baseball 
Championships, thirteen NCAA Division I National Men's Swimming and Diving Championships, and has claimed more titles in men's and women's sports than any 
other school in the Big 12 since the league was founded in 1996.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Texas_at_Austin





WIKIPEDIA No. 27



University_of_Michigan



UNIVERSITY



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

The University of Michigan (UM, U-M, U of M, or UMich), often simply referred to as Michigan, is a public research university in Ann Arbor, Michigan. The 
University of Michigan is the state's oldest university, founded in 1817 in Detroit, Michigan as the Catholepistemiad, or University of Michigania, 20 years 
before the Michigan Territory became a state. It moved to Ann Arbor in 1837 onto 40 acres (16 ha) of what is now known as Central Campus. Since its 
establishment in Ann Arbor, the university campus has expanded to include more than 584 major buildings with a combined area of more than 34 million gross 
square feet (780 acres; 3.2 km2) spread out over a Central Campus and North Campus, two regional campuses in Flint and Dearborn, and a Center in Detroit. The 
University was a founding member of the Association of American Universities.

Considered one of the foremost research universities in the United States,[8] Michigan is classified as one of 115 Doctoral Universities with Very High 
Research by the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education.[9] As of 2017, 24 Nobel Prize winners, 6 Turing Award winners and 1 Fields 
Medalist have been affiliated with University of Michigan. Its comprehensive graduate program offers doctoral degrees in the humanities, social sciences, and 
STEM fields (Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics) as well as professional degrees in architecture, business, medicine, law, pharmacy, nursing, 
social work, public health, and dentistry. Michigan's body of living alumni comprises more than 540,000 people, one of the largest alumni bases of any 
university in the world.[10]

Besides academic life, Michigan's athletic teams compete in Division I of the NCAA and are collectively known as the Wolverines. They are members of the Big 
Ten Conference.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Michigan





WIKIPEDIA No. 28



University_of_California,_Berkeley



UNIVERSITY



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

The University of California, Berkeley (UC Berkeley, Berkeley, Cal, or California[8][9]) is a public research university in Berkeley, California.[9] Founded 
in 1868, Berkeley is the flagship institution of the ten research universities affiliated with the University of California system. It is often ranked among 
the best universities in the world and the top public university in the United States.[10][11][12][13][14]

Established in 1868 as the University of California, resulting from the merger of the private College of California and the public Agricultural, Mining and 
Mechanical Arts College in Oakland, Berkeley offers approximately 350 undergraduate and graduate degree programs in a wide range of disciplines.[15] The 
Dwinelle Bill of March 5, 1868 (California Assembly Bill No. 583) stated that the "University shall have for its design, to provide instruction and thorough 
and complete education in all departments of science, literature and art, industrial and profession[al] pursuits, and general education, and also special 
courses of instruction in preparation for the professions".[16][17] In the 1960s, Berkeley was particularly noted for the Free Speech Movement as well as the 
Anti-Vietnam War Movement led by its students.[18][19][20]

Berkeley is one of the 14 founding members of the Association of American Universities and continues to have very high research activity, with $789 million in 
R&D expenditures in the fiscal year ending June 30, 2015.[21][22] It also co-manages three United States Department of Energy National Laboratories -- 
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and Los Alamos National Laboratory -- and is home to many world-renowned 
research institutes, including the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute and the Space Sciences Laboratory. Through its partner institution University of 
California, San Francisco (UCSF), Berkeley also offers a joint medical program at the UCSF Medical Center, the top hospital in California, which is also part 
of the UC system.[23]

As of March 2018, Berkeley alumni, faculty members and researchers include 104 Nobel laureates (33 alumni), 25 Turing Awards winners (11 alumni), and 13 
Fields Medalists (3 alumni). In addition, they have also won 9 Wolf Prizes, 45 MacArthur Fellowships,[24] 20 Academy Awards, 14 Pulitzer Prizes[25] and 207 
Olympic medals (117 gold, 51 silver and 39 bronze).[26] Faculty member J. R. Oppenheimer, the "father of the atomic bomb", led the Manhattan project to create 
the first atomic bomb. Nobel laureate Ernest Lawrence invented the cyclotron, based on which UC Berkeley scientists and researchers, along with Berkeley Lab, 
have discovered 16 chemical elements of the periodic table - more than any other university in the world.[27][28] Lawrence Livermore Lab also discovered or 
co-discovered six chemical elements (113 to 118).[29][30]

For 2017-18, the Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU) ranked Berkeley 5th in the world and 1st among public universities. Berkeley is also ranked 
18th internationally among research universities in theTimes Higher Education World University Rankings, 6th in the 2017 Times Higher Education World 
Reputation Rankings.[31] It is additionally ranked 4th internationally (1st among public universities) by U.S. News & World Report.[32]



REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_California,_Berkeley





WIKIPEDIA No. 29



Swan



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Swans are birds of the family Anatidae within the genus Cygnus. The swans' close relatives include the geese and ducks. Swans are grouped with the closely 
related geese in the subfamily Anserinae where they form the tribe Cygnini. Sometimes, they are considered a distinct subfamily, Cygninae. There are six or 
seven species of swan in the genus Cygnus; in addition there is another species known as the coscoroba swan, although this species is no longer considered one 
of the true swans. Swans usually mate for life, though "divorce" does sometimes occur, particularly following nesting failure, and if a mate dies, the 
remaining swan will take up with another. The number of eggs in each clutch ranges from three to eight.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swan





WIKIPEDIA No. 30



San_Jose,_California



CITY



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

San Jose (/ˌsæn hoʊˈzeɪ, -ˈseɪ/; Spanish for 'Saint Joseph'; Spanish: [saŋ xoˈse]),[14] officially the City of San José,[A] is an economic, cultural, and 
political center of Silicon Valley and the largest city in Northern California. With an estimated 2016 population of 1,015,785, it is the third most populous 
city in California (after Los Angeles and San Diego) and the tenth most populous in United States.[15] Located in the center of the Santa Clara Valley, on the 
southern shore of San Francisco Bay, San Jose covers an area of 179.97 square miles (466.1 km2). San Jose is the county seat of Santa Clara County, the most 
affluent county in California and one of the most affluent counties in the United States.[16][17][18][19] San Jose is the largest city in both the San 
Francisco Bay Area and the San Jose-San Francisco-Oakland Combined Statistical Area, which contain 7.7 million and 8.7 million people respectively.[20][21][22]

Before the arrival of the Spanish, the area around San Jose was inhabited by the Ohlone people. San Jose was founded on 29 November 1777, as the Pueblo de San 
José de Guadalupe, the first city founded in the Californias.[23] Following the American Conquest of California and its subsequent statehood in 1850, San Jose 
became the state's first capital.[24] Following World War II, San Jose experienced an economic boom, with a rapid population growth and aggressive annexation 
of nearby cities and communities carried out in the 1950s and 1960s. The rapid growth of the high-technology and electronics industries further accelerated 
the transition from an agricultural center to an urbanized metropolitan area. Results of the 1990 U.S. Census indicated that San Jose had officially surpassed 
San Francisco as the most populous city in Northern California.[25] By the 1990s, San Jose and the rest of Silicon Valley had become the global center for the 
high tech and internet industries, making it California's fastest-growing economy.[26]

San Jose is a global city,[27] notable as a center of innovation, for its affluence[28][29][30] and high cost of living.[31] San Jose's location within the 
booming high tech industry, as a cultural, political, and economic center has earned the city the nickname "Capital of Silicon Valley". San Jose is one of the 
wealthiest major cities in the United States and the world, and has the third highest GDP per capita in the world (after Zurich, Switzerland and Oslo, 
Norway), according to the Brookings Institution.[32] With a median home price of $1,085,000,[33] San Jose has the most expensive housing market in the country 
and the fifth most expensive housing market in the world, according to the 2017 Demographia International Housing Affordability Survey.[34][35][36][37] Major 
global tech companies including Cisco Systems, eBay, Cadence Design Systems, Adobe Systems, PayPal, Brocade, Samsung, Acer, and Western Digital maintain their 
headquarters in San Jose, in the center of Silicon Valley.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Jose,_California





WIKIPEDIA No. 31



Harvard_University



UNIVERSITY



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Harvard University is a private Ivy League research university in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Established in 1636 and named for clergyman John Harvard (its 
first benefactor), its history, influence, and wealth have made it one of the world's most prestigious universities.[8] Harvard is the United States' oldest 
institution of higher learning,[9] and the Harvard Corporation (formally, the President and Fellows of Harvard College) is its first chartered corporation. 
Although never formally affiliated with any denomination, the early College primarily trained Congregational and Unitarian clergy. Its curriculum and student 
body were gradually secularized during the 18th century, and by the 19th century, Harvard had emerged as the central cultural establishment among Boston 
elites.[10][11] Following the American Civil War, President Charles W. Eliot's long tenure (1869-1909) transformed the college and affiliated professional 
schools into a modern research university; Harvard was a founding member of the Association of American Universities in 1900.[12] A. Lawrence Lowell, who 
followed Eliot, further reformed the undergraduate curriculum and undertook aggressive expansion of Harvard's land holdings and physical plant. James Bryant 
Conant led the university through the Great Depression and World War II and began to reform the curriculum and liberalize admissions after the war. The 
undergraduate college became coeducational after its 1977 merger with Radcliffe College.

The university is organized into eleven separate academic units—ten faculties and the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study—with campuses throughout the 
Boston metropolitan area:[13] its 209-acre (85 ha) main campus is centered on Harvard Yard in Cambridge, approximately 3 miles (5 km) northwest of Boston; the 
business school and athletics facilities, including Harvard Stadium, are located across the Charles River in the Allston neighborhood of Boston and the 
medical, dental, and public health schools are in the Longwood Medical Area.[14] Harvard's $34.5 billion financial endowment is the largest of any academic 
institution.[7]

Harvard is a large, highly residential research university.[15] The nominal cost of attendance is high, but the university's large endowment allows it to 
offer generous financial aid packages.[16] It operates several arts, cultural, and scientific museums, alongside the Harvard Library, which is the world's 
largest academic and private library system, comprising 79 individual libraries with over 18 million volumes.[17][18][19] Harvard's alumni include eight U.S. 
presidents, several foreign heads of state, 62 living billionaires, 359 Rhodes Scholars, and 242 Marshall Scholars.[20][21][22] To date, some 157 Nobel 
laureates, 18 Fields Medalists, and 14 Turing Award winners have been affiliated as students, faculty, or staff.[23] In addition, Harvard students and alumni 
have won 10 Academy Awards, 48 Pulitzer Prizes,[24] and 108 Olympic medals (46 gold, 41 silver and 21 bronze).[25]

Among global rankings, the Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU) has ranked Harvard as the world's best university every year since it was first 
released.[26] When QS and Times Higher Education were published in partnership as the THE-QS World University Rankings during 2004-2009, Harvard had also held 
the top spot every year.[27] Additionally, the THE World Reputation Rankings have consecutively ranked Harvard as the top institution among the world's "six 
super brand" universities, the others being Berkeley, Cambridge, MIT, Oxford and Stanford.[28][29]

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harvard_University





WIKIPEDIA No. 32



Princeton_University



UNIVERSITY



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Princeton University is a private Ivy League research university in Princeton, New Jersey. Founded in 1746 in Elizabeth as the College of New Jersey, 
Princeton is the fourth-oldest institution of higher education in the United States and one of the nine colonial colleges chartered before the American 
Revolution.[8][a] The institution moved to Newark in 1747, then to the current site nine years later, where it was renamed Princeton University in 1896.[13]

Princeton provides undergraduate and graduate instruction in the humanities, social sciences, natural sciences and engineering.[14] It offers professional 
degrees through the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs, the School of Engineering and Applied Science, the School of Architecture and 
the Bendheim Center for Finance. The university has ties with the Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton Theological Seminary and the Westminster Choir 
College of Rider University.[b] Princeton has the largest endowment per student in the United States.[15] From 2001 to 2018, Princeton University was ranked 
either first or second among national universities by U.S. News & World Report, holding the top spot for 16 of those 18 years.[16]

As of 2017, 63 Nobel laureates, 14 Fields Medalists and 10 Turing Award laureates have been affiliated with Princeton University as alumni, faculty members or 
researchers. In addition, Princeton has been associated with 21 National Medal of Science winners, 5 Abel Prize winners, 5 National Humanities Medal 
recipients, 209 Rhodes Scholars, 139 Gates Cambridge Scholars and 126 Marshall Scholars.[17] Two U.S. Presidents, 12 U.S. Supreme Court Justices (three of 
whom currently serve on the court) and numerous living billionaires and foreign heads of state are all counted among Princeton's alumni body. Princeton has 
also graduated many prominent members of the U.S. Congress and the U.S. Cabinet, including eight Secretaries of State, three Secretaries of Defense and two of 
the past five Chairs of the Federal Reserve.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Princeton_University





WIKIPEDIA No. 33



Seattle



CITY



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Seattle (/siˈætəl/ (About this sound listen)) is a seaport city on the west coast of the United States. It is the seat of King County, Washington. With an 
estimated 713,700 residents as of 2017,[3] Seattle is the largest city in both the state of Washington and the Pacific Northwest region of North America. In 
July 2013, it was the fastest-growing major city in the United States[7] and remained in the Top 5 in May 2015 with an annual growth rate of 2.1%.[8] In July 
2016, Seattle was again the fastest-growing major U.S. city, with a 3.1% annual growth rate.[9] The city is situated on an isthmus between Puget Sound (an 
inlet of the Pacific Ocean) and Lake Washington, about 100 miles (160 km) south of the Canada-United States border. A major gateway for trade with Asia, 
Seattle is the fourth-largest port in North America in terms of container handling as of 2015.[10]

The Seattle area was previously inhabited by Native Americans for at least 4,000 years before the first permanent European settlers.[11] Arthur A. Denny and 
his group of travelers, subsequently known as the Denny Party, arrived from Illinois via Portland, Oregon, on the schooner Exact at Alki Point on November 13, 
1851.[12] The settlement was moved to the eastern shore of Elliott Bay and named "Seattle" in 1852, after Chief Si'ahl of the local Duwamish and Suquamish 
tribes.

Logging was Seattle's first major industry, but by the late 19th century, the city had become a commercial and shipbuilding center as a gateway to Alaska 
during the Klondike Gold Rush. Growth after World War II was partially due to the local Boeing company, which established Seattle as a center for aircraft 
manufacturing. The Seattle area developed into a technology center beginning in the 1980s, with companies like Microsoft becoming established in the region. 
Internet retailer Amazon was founded in Seattle in 1994. The stream of new software, biotechnology, and Internet companies led to an economic revival, which 
increased the city's population by almost 50,000 between 1990 and 2000.

Seattle has a noteworthy musical history. From 1918 to 1951, nearly two dozen jazz nightclubs existed along Jackson Street, from the current 
Chinatown/International District to the Central District. The jazz scene developed the early careers of Ray Charles, Quincy Jones, Ernestine Anderson, and 
others. Seattle is also the birthplace of rock musician Jimi Hendrix, as well as the bands Nirvana, Pearl Jam, Soundgarden, Alice in Chains, Foo Fighters and 
the alternative rock movement grunge.[13]

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seattle





WIKIPEDIA No. 34



Philadelphia



CITY



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Philadelphia (/ˌfɪləˈdɛlfiə/) is the largest city in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the sixth-most populous city in the United States, with an estimated 
population of 1,567,872[7] and more than 6 million in the seventh-largest metropolitan statistical area, as of 2016.[5] Philadelphia is the economic and 
cultural anchor of the Delaware Valley, located along the lower Delaware and Schuylkill Rivers, within both the Mid-Atlantic region and the Northeast 
megalopolis. The Delaware Valley's population of 7.2 million ranks it as the eighth-largest combined statistical area in the United States.[6]

William Penn, an English Quaker, founded the city in 1682 to serve as capital of the Pennsylvania Colony.[10] Philadelphia played an instrumental role in the 
American Revolution as a meeting place for the Founding Fathers of the United States, who signed the Declaration of Independence in 1776 at the Second 
Continental Congress, and the Constitution at the Philadelphia Convention of 1787. Several other key events occurred in Philadelphia during the Revolutionary 
War including the First Continental Congress, the preservation of the Liberty Bell, the Battle of Germantown, and the Siege of Fort Mifflin. Philadelphia was 
one of the nation's capitals during the revolution, and served as temporary U.S. capital while Washington, D.C., was under construction. In the 19th century, 
Philadelphia became a major industrial center and a railroad hub. The city grew from an influx of European immigrants, most of whom came from Ireland, Italy 
and Germany—the three largest reported ancestry groups in the city as of 2015.[11] In the early 20th century, Philadelphia became a prime destination for 
African Americans during the Great Migration after the Civil War,[12] as well as Puerto Ricans.[13] The city's population doubled from one million to two 
million people between 1890 and 1950.

The Philadelphia area's many universities and colleges make it a top study destination, as the city has evolved into an educational and economic hub.[14][15] 
According to the Bureau of Economic Analysis, the Philadelphia area had a gross domestic product of US$431 billion in 2016, the eighth-largest metropolitan 
economy in the United States.[16] Philadelphia is the center of economic activity in Pennsylvania and is home to five Fortune 1000 companies. The Philadelphia 
skyline is expanding, with a market of almost 81,900 commercial properties in 2016,[17] including several nationally prominent skyscrapers.[18] Philadelphia 
has more outdoor sculptures and murals than any other American city.[19][20] Fairmount Park, when combined with the adjacent Wissahickon Valley Park in the 
same watershed, is one of the largest contiguous urban park areas in the United States.[21] The city is known for its arts, culture, and colonial history 
which attracted 42 million domestic tourists in 2016 who spent $6.8 billion, generating an estimated $11 billion in total economic impact in the city and 
surrounding four counties of Pennsylvania.[22] Philadelphia has also emerged as a biotechnology hub.[23]

Philadelphia is the birthplace of the United States Marine Corps,[24][25] and is also the home of many U.S. firsts, including the first library (1731),[26] 
hospital (1751),[26] medical school (1765),[27] national capital (1774),[28] stock exchange (1790),[26] zoo (1874),[29] and business school (1881).[30] 
Philadelphia contains 67 National Historic Landmarks and the World Heritage Site of Independence Hall.[31] The city became a member of the Organization of 
World Heritage Cities in 2015,[32] as the first World Heritage City in the United States.[15]

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philadelphia





WIKIPEDIA No. 35



Cornell_University



UNIVERSITY



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Cornell University (/kɔːrˈnɛl/ kor-NEL) is a private and statutory Ivy League research university located in Ithaca, New York. Founded in 1865 by Ezra Cornell 
and Andrew Dickson White,[7] the university was intended to teach and make contributions in all fields of knowledge—from the classics to the sciences, and 
from the theoretical to the applied. These ideals, unconventional for the time, are captured in Cornell's motto, a popular 1865 Ezra Cornell quotation: "I 
would found an institution where any person can find instruction in any study."[1]

The university is broadly organized into seven undergraduate colleges and seven graduate divisions at its main Ithaca campus, with each college and division 
defining its own admission standards and academic programs in near autonomy. The university also administers two satellite medical campuses, one in New York 
City and one in Education City, Qatar, and Cornell Tech, a graduate program that incorporates technology, business, and creative thinking. The program moved 
from Google's Chelsea Building in New York City to its permanent campus on Roosevelt Island in September 2017.

Cornell is one of three private land grant universities in the United States and the only one in New York.[note 1] Of its seven undergraduate colleges, three 
are state-supported statutory or contract colleges through the State University of New York (SUNY) system, including its agricultural and human ecology 
colleges as well as its industrial labor relations school. Of Cornell's graduate schools, only the veterinary college is state-supported. As a land grant 
college, Cornell operates a cooperative extension outreach program in every county of New York and receives annual funding from the State of New York for 
certain educational missions.[8] The Cornell University Ithaca Campus comprises 745 acres, but is much larger when the Cornell Botanic Gardens (more than 
4,300 acres) and the numerous university-owned lands in New York City are considered.[9]

As of 2017, 56 Nobel laureates, 4 Turing Award winners and 1 Fields Medalist have been affiliated with Cornell University. Since its founding, Cornell has 
been a co-educational, non-sectarian institution where admission has not been restricted by religion or race. Cornell counts more than 245,000 living alumni, 
and its former and present faculty and alumni include 34 Marshall Scholars, 30 Rhodes Scholars, 29 Truman Scholars, 7 Gates Scholars, and 14 living 
billionaires.[10][11][12] The student body consists of more than 14,000 undergraduate and 7,000 graduate students from all 50 American states and more than 
120 countries.[13][14]

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cornell_University





WIKIPEDIA No. 36



Boston



CITY



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Boston (/ˈbɒstən/ (About this sound listen) BOSS-tən) is the capital city and most populous municipality[9] of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the United 
States. The city proper covers 48 square miles (124 km2) with an estimated population of 687,584 in 2017,[3] making it also the most populous city in the New 
England region of the northeastern United States.[2] Boston is the seat of Suffolk County as well, although the county government was disbanded on July 1, 
1999.[10] The city is the economic and cultural anchor of a substantially larger metropolitan area known as Greater Boston, a metropolitan statistical area 
(MSA) home to a census-estimated 4.8 million people in 2016 and ranking as the tenth-largest such area in the country.[11] As a combined statistical area 
(CSA), this wider commuting region is home to some 8.2 million people, making it the sixth-largest in the United States.[12]

Boston is one of the oldest cities in the United States, founded on the Shawmut Peninsula in 1630 by Puritan settlers from England.[13][14] It was the scene 
of several key events of the American Revolution, such as the Boston Massacre, the Boston Tea Party, the Battle of Bunker Hill, and the Siege of Boston. Upon 
U.S. independence from Great Britain, it continued to be an important port and manufacturing hub as well as a center for education and culture.[15][16] The 
city has expanded beyond the original peninsula through land reclamation and municipal annexation. Its rich history attracts many tourists, with Faneuil Hall 
alone drawing more than 20 million visitors per year.[17] Boston's many firsts include the United States' first public school (Boston Latin School, 1635),[18] 
first subway system (Tremont Street Subway, 1897),[19] and first public park (Boston Common, 1634).

The Boston area's many colleges and universities make it an international center of higher education,[20] including law, medicine, engineering, and business, 
and the city is considered to be a world leader in innovation and entrepreneurship, with nearly 2,000 start-ups.[21][22][23] Boston's economic base also 
includes finance,[24] professional and business services, biotechnology, information technology, and government activities.[25] Households in the city claim 
the highest average rate of philanthropy in the United States;[26] businesses and institutions rank among the top in the country for environmental 
sustainability and investment.[27] The city has one of the highest costs of living in the United States[28][29] as it has undergone gentrification,[30] though 
it remains high on world livability rankings.[31]

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boston





WIKIPEDIA No. 37



Miami



CITY



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Miami (/maɪˈæmi/; Spanish pronunciation: [miˈami]) is a major port city on the Atlantic coast of south Florida in the southeastern United States. As the seat 
of Miami-Dade County, the municipality is the principal, central, and the most populous city of the Miami metropolitan area and part of the second-most 
populous metropolis in the southeastern United States.[8] According to the U.S. Census Bureau, Miami's metro area is the eighth-most populous and 
fourth-largest urban area in the U.S., with a population of around 5.5 million.[9][10]

Miami is a major center, and a leader in finance, commerce, culture, media, entertainment, the arts, and international trade.[11][12] In 2012, Miami was 
classified as an "Alpha-" level world city in the World Cities Study Group's inventory.[13] In 2010, Miami ranked seventh in the United States and 33rd among 
global cities in terms of business activity, human capital, information exchange, cultural experience, and political engagement.[14][15] In 2008, Forbes 
magazine ranked Miami "America's Cleanest City", for its year-round good air quality, vast green spaces, clean drinking water, clean streets, and citywide 
recycling programs.[16] According to a 2009 UBS study of 73 world cities, Miami was ranked as the richest city in the United States, and the world's 
seventh-richest city in terms of purchasing power.[17] Miami is nicknamed the "Capital of Latin America"[1] and is the largest city with a Cuban-American 
plurality.[18]

Miami has the third tallest skyline in the U.S. with over 300 high-rises. Downtown Miami is home to the largest concentration of international banks in the 
United States, and many large national and international companies.[19][20] The Civic Center is a major center for hospitals, research institutes, medical 
centers, and biotechnology industries. For more than two decades, the Port of Miami, known as the "Cruise Capital of the World", has been the number one 
cruise passenger port in the world. It accommodates some of the world's largest cruise ships and operations, and is the busiest port in both passenger traffic 
and cruise lines.[21][22] Metropolitan Miami is also a major tourism hub in the southeastern U.S. for international visitors, ranking number two in the 
country after New York City.[23]

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miami





WIKIPEDIA No. 38



Oyster



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Oyster is the common name for a number of different families of salt-water bivalve molluscs that live in marine or brackish habitats. In some species the 
valves are highly calcified, and many are somewhat irregular in shape. Many, but not all, oysters are in the superfamily Ostreoidea.

Some kinds of oysters are commonly consumed by humans, cooked or raw, and are regarded as a delicacy. Some kinds of pearl oysters are harvested for the pearl 
produced within the mantle. Windowpane oysters are harvested for their translucent shells, which are used to make various kinds of decorative objects.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oyster





WIKIPEDIA No. 39



Clam



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Clam is a common name for several kinds of bivalve molluscs. The word is often applied only to those that are edible and live as infauna, spending most of 
their lives partially buried in the sand of the ocean floor. Clams have two shells of equal size connected by two adductor muscles and have a powerful 
burrowing foot.[1] Clams in the culinary sense do not live attached to a substrate (whereas oysters and mussels do) and do not live near the bottom (whereas 
scallops do). In culinary usage, clams are commonly eaten marine bivalves, as in clam digging and the resulting soup, clam chowder. Many edible clams such as 
palourde clams are oval or triangular;[2] however, razor clams have an elongated parallel-sided shell, suggesting an old-fashioned straight razor.[3]

Some clams have life cycles of only one year, while at least one may be over 500 years old.[4] All clams have two calcareous shells or valves joined near a 
hinge with a flexible ligament, and all are filter feeders.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clam





WIKIPEDIA No. 40



Dolphin



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Dolphins are a widely distributed and diverse group of aquatic mammals. They are an informal grouping within the order Cetacea, excluding whales and 
porpoises, so to zoologists the grouping is paraphyletic. The dolphins comprise the extant families Delphinidae (the oceanic dolphins), Platanistidae (the 
Indian river dolphins), Iniidae (the new world river dolphins), and Pontoporiidae (the brackish dolphins), and the extinct Lipotidae (baiji or Chinese river 
dolphin). There are 40 extant species of dolphins. Dolphins, alongside other cetaceans, belong to the clade Cetartiodactyla with even-toed ungulates. 
Cetaceans' closest living relatives are the hippopotamuses, having diverged about 40 million years ago.

Dolphins range in size from the 1.7 m (5.6 ft) long and 50 kg (110 lb) Maui's dolphin to the 9.5 m (31 ft) and 10 t (11 short tons) killer whale. Several 
species exhibit sexual dimorphism, in that the males are larger than females. They have streamlined bodies and two limbs that are modified into flippers. 
Though not quite as flexible as seals, some dolphins can travel at 55.5 km/h (34.5 mph). Dolphins use their conical shaped teeth to capture fast moving prey. 
They have well-developed hearing which is adapted for both air and water and is so well developed that some can survive even if they are blind. Some species 
are well adapted for diving to great depths. They have a layer of fat, or blubber, under the skin to keep warm in the cold water.

Although dolphins are widespread, most species prefer the warmer waters of the tropic zones, but some, like the right whale dolphin, prefer colder climates. 
Dolphins feed largely on fish and squid, but a few, like the killer whale, feed on large mammals, like seals. Male dolphins typically mate with multiple 
females every year, but females only mate every two to three years. Calves are typically born in the spring and summer months and females bear all the 
responsibility for raising them. Mothers of some species fast and nurse their young for a relatively long period of time. Dolphins produce a variety of 
vocalizations, usually in the form of clicks and whistles.

Dolphins are sometimes hunted in places like Japan, in an activity known as dolphin drive hunting. Besides drive hunting, they also face threats from bycatch, 
habitat loss, and marine pollution. Dolphins have been depicted in various cultures worldwide. Dolphins occasionally feature in literature and film, as in the 
film series Free Willy. Dolphins are sometimes kept in captivity and trained to perform tricks. The most common dolphin species kept is the bottlenose 
dolphin, while there are around 60 captive killer whales.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dolphin





WIKIPEDIA No. 41



University_of_California,_Irvine



UNIVERSITY



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

The University of California, Irvine (UCI, UC Irvine, or Irvine), is a public research university located in Irvine, Orange County, California, United States, 
and one of the 10 campuses in the University of California (UC) system. UC Irvine offers 80 undergraduate degrees and 98 graduate and professional degrees. 
The university is designated as having very high research activity in the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education, and in fiscal year 2013 
had $348 million in research and development expenditures according to the National Science Foundation.[8] UC Irvine became a member of the Association of 
American Universities in 1996, and is the youngest university to hold membership.[9]

The university also administers the UC Irvine Medical Center, a large teaching hospital in Orange, and its affiliated health sciences system; the University 
of California, Irvine, Arboretum; and a portion of the University of California Natural Reserve System. UC Irvine set up the first Earth System Science 
Department in the United States.[10][11]

UCI was one of three new UC campuses established in the 1960s to accommodate growing enrollments across the UC system. A site in Orange County was identified 
in 1959, and in the following year the Irvine Company sold the University of California 1,000 acres (400 ha) of land for one dollar to establish the new 
campus. President Lyndon B. Johnson dedicated the campus in 1964.[12]

The UC Irvine Anteaters compete in 18 men's and women's sports in the NCAA Division I as members of the Big West Conference and the Mountain Pacific Sports 
Federation. The Anteaters have won 28 national championships in nine different team sports, 64 Anteaters have won individual national championships, and 53 
Anteaters have competed in the Olympics.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_California,_Irvine





WIKIPEDIA No. 42



Atlanta



CITY



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Atlanta (/ætˈlæntə/) is the capital and most populous city of the state of Georgia in the United States. With an estimated 2016 population of 472,522,[12] it 
is the cultural and economic center of the Atlanta metropolitan area, home to 5.8 million people and the ninth-largest metropolitan area in the United 
States.[6] Atlanta is the seat of Fulton County and a small portion of the city extends eastward into DeKalb County.

Atlanta was founded as a transportation hub at the intersection of two railroad lines in 1837. After being mostly burned to the ground during the American 
Civil War, the city rose from its ashes to become a national center of commerce and the unofficial capital of the "New South". During the 1960s, Atlanta 
became a major organizing center of the civil rights movement, with Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Ralph David Abernathy, and many other locals playing major 
roles in the movement's leadership. In the decades following, the city earned a reputation as "too busy to hate" for the relatively progressive views of its 
citizens and leaders compared to other cities in the "Deep South".[13] During the modern era, Atlanta has attained international prominence as a major air 
transportation hub, with Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport being by far the world's busiest airport since 1998.[14][15][16][17]

Atlanta is rated a "beta(+)" world city that exerts a moderate impact on global commerce, finance, research, technology, education, media, art, and 
entertainment.[18] It ranks 18th among world cities and 7th in the nation with a gross domestic product of $320 billion.[19][20] Atlanta's economy is 
considered diverse, with dominant sectors that include logistics, professional and business services, media operations, and information technology.[21] 
Atlanta has topographic features that include rolling hills and dense tree coverage, earning it the nickname of "the city in a forest."[22] Revitalization of 
Atlanta's neighborhoods, initially spurred by the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta, has intensified in the 21st century, altering the city's demographics, politics, 
and culture.[23][24]

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atlanta





WIKIPEDIA No. 43



Beetle



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Beetles are a group of insects that form the order Coleoptera, in the superorder Endopterygota. Their front pair of wings is hardened into wing-cases, elytra, 
distinguishing them from most other insects. The Coleoptera, with about 400,000 species, is the largest of all orders, constituting almost 40% of described 
insects and 25% of all known animal life-forms; new species are discovered frequently. The largest of all families, the Curculionidae (weevils) with some 
70,000 member species, belongs to this order. They are found in almost every habitat except the sea and the polar regions. They interact with their ecosystems 
in several ways: beetles often feed on plants and fungi, break down animal and plant debris, and eat other invertebrates. Some species are serious 
agricultural pests, such as the Colorado potato beetle, while others such as Coccinellidae (ladybirds or ladybugs) eat aphids, scale insects, thrips, and 
other plant-sucking insects that damage crops.

Beetles typically have a particularly hard exoskeleton including the elytra, though some such as the rove beetles have very short elytra while blister beetles 
have softer elytra. The general anatomy of a beetle is quite uniform and typical of insects, although there are several examples of novelty, such as 
adaptations in water beetles which trap air bubbles under the elytra for use while diving. Beetles are endopterygotes, which means that they undergo complete 
metamorphosis, with a series of conspicuous and relatively abrupt changes in body structure between hatching and becoming adult after a relatively immobile 
pupal stage. Some, such as stag beetles, have a marked sexual dimorphism, the males possessing enormously enlarged mandibles which they use to fight other 
males. Many beetles are aposematic, with bright colours and patterns warning of their toxicity, while others are harmless Batesian mimics of such insects. 
Many beetles, including those that live in sandy places, have effective camouflage.

Beetles are prominent in human culture, from the sacred scarabs of ancient Egypt to beetlewing art and use as pets or fighting insects for entertainment and 
gambling. Many beetle groups are brightly and attractively coloured making them objects of collection and decorative displays. Over 300 species are used as 
food, mostly as larvae; species widely consumed include mealworms and rhinoceros beetle larvae. However, the major impact of beetles on human life is as 
agricultural, forestry, and horticultural pests. Serious pests include the boll weevil of cotton, the Colorado potato beetle, the coconut hispine beetle, and 
the mountain pine beetle. Most beetles, however, do not cause economic damage and many, such as the lady beetles and dung beetles are beneficial by helping to 
control insect pests.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beetle





WIKIPEDIA No. 44



Butterfly



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Butterflies are insects in the macrolepidopteran clade Rhopalocera from the order Lepidoptera, which also includes moths. Adult butterflies have large, often 
brightly coloured wings, and conspicuous, fluttering flight. The group comprises the large superfamily Papilionoidea, which contains at least one former 
group, the skippers (formerly the superfamily "Hesperioidea") and the most recent analyses suggest it also contains the moth-butterflies (formerly the 
superfamily "Hedyloidea"). Butterfly fossils date to the Paleocene, which was about 56 million years ago.

Butterflies have the typical four-stage insect life cycle. Winged adults lay eggs on the food plant on which their larvae, known as caterpillars, will feed. 
The caterpillars grow, sometimes very rapidly, and when fully developed, pupate in a chrysalis. When metamorphosis is complete, the pupal skin splits, the 
adult insect climbs out, and after its wings have expanded and dried, it flies off. Some butterflies, especially in the tropics, have several generations in a 
year, while others have a single generation, and a few in cold locations may take several years to pass through their entire life cycle.

Butterflies are often polymorphic, and many species make use of camouflage, mimicry and aposematism to evade their predators. Some, like the monarch and the 
painted lady, migrate over long distances. Many butterflies are attacked by parasites or parasitoids, including wasps, protozoans, flies, and other 
invertebrates, or are preyed upon by other organisms. Some species are pests because in their larval stages they can damage domestic crops or trees; other 
species are agents of pollination of some plants. Larvae of a few butterflies (e.g., harvesters) eat harmful insects, and a few are predators of ants, while 
others live as mutualists in association with ants. Culturally, butterflies are a popular motif in the visual and literary arts.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Butterfly





WIKIPEDIA No. 45



Seahorse



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Seahorse (also written sea-horse and sea horse) is the name given to 54 species of small marine fishes in the genus Hippocampus. "Hippocampus" comes from the 
Ancient Greek word hippos (híppos) meaning "horse" and kampos (κάμπος, kámpos) meaning "sea monster".[3] Having a head and neck suggestive of a horse, 
seahorses also feature segmented bony armour, an upright posture and a curled prehensile tail.[4]

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seahorse





WIKIPEDIA No. 46



University_of_California,_San_Diego



UNIVERSITY



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

The University of California, San Diego[a] is a public research university located in the La Jolla neighborhood of San Diego, California, in the United 
States.[12] The university occupies 2,141 acres (866 ha) near the coast of the Pacific Ocean with the main campus resting on approximately 1,152 acres (466 
ha).[13] Established in 1960 near the pre-existing Scripps Institution of Oceanography, UC San Diego is the seventh oldest of the 10 University of California 
campuses and offers over 200 undergraduate and graduate degree programs, enrolling about 28,000 undergraduate and 7,000 graduate students.

UC San Diego is organized into six undergraduate residential colleges (Revelle, John Muir, Thurgood Marshall, Earl Warren, Eleanor Roosevelt and Sixth), five 
academic divisions (Arts and Humanities, Biological Sciences, Jacobs School of Engineering, Physical Sciences and Social Sciences), and five graduate and 
professional schools (Rady School of Management, Scripps Institution of Oceanography, School of Global Policy and Strategy, UC San Diego School of Medicine 
and Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences).[14] UC San Diego Health, the region’s only academic health system, provides patient care, conducts 
medical research and educates future health care professionals at the UC San Diego Medical Center, Hillcrest and Jacobs Medical Center.

The university operates 19 organized research units (ORUs), including the Qualcomm Institute (a branch of the California Institute for Telecommunications and 
Information Technology),[15] San Diego Supercomputer Center and the Kavli Institute for Brain and Mind, as well as eight School of Medicine research units, 
six research centers at Scripps Institution of Oceanography and two multi-campus initiatives, including the Institute on Global Conflict and Cooperation.[16] 
UC San Diego is also closely affiliated with several regional research centers, such as the Salk Institute, the Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery 
Institute, the Sanford Consortium for Regenerative Medicine and the Scripps Research Institute. According to the National Science Foundation, UC San Diego 
spent $1.101 billion on research and development in fiscal year 2015, ranking it 5th in the nation.[17]

UC San Diego faculty, researchers and alumni have won 25 Nobel Prizes and 3 Fields Medals,[18] eight National Medals of Science, eight MacArthur Fellowships 
and two Pulitzer Prizes.[19][20] Additionally, of the current faculty, 29 have been elected to the National Academy of Engineering,[20] 70 to the National 
Academy of Sciences,[21] 45 to the Institute of Medicine and 110 to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.[19]

Recognized as a Public Ivy, UC San Diego is a highly regarded research institution, ranked 11th in the world by the Nature Index,[22] 14th in the world by the 
Scrimago Institutions Rankings,[23] 14th in the world by the Lens Metric,[24] 14th best university in the world according to TBS Rankings,[25] 15th in U.S. 
News & World Report 's 2017 global university rankings,[26] 15th best university in the world by Webometrics Ranking of World Universities,[27] 15th in the 
world by the Academic Ranking of World Universities,[28] 16th best university in the world by the Centre for Science and Technology Studies of Leiden 
University Ranking,[29] 17th in the world by the Center for World University Rankings,[30] 17th in the world by University Ranking by AP,[31] and 5th best 
public university in the world by the Times Higher Education World University Rankings.[32]

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_California,_San_Diego





WIKIPEDIA No. 47



Camel



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

A camel is an even-toed ungulate in the genus Camelus that bears distinctive fatty deposits known as "humps" on its back. There are three surviving species of 
camel: the one-humped dromedary (which makes up 94% of the world's camel population), and the two-humped Bactrian and wild Bactrian species. Camels have long 
been domesticated and, as livestock, they provide food (milk and meat) and textiles (fiber and felt from hair). As working animals, camels—who are uniquely 
suited to their desert habitats—are a vital means of transport for passengers and cargo.

The word camel is derived via Latin: camelus and Greek: κάμηλος (kamēlos) from Hebrew or Phoenician: gāmāl.[3][4] Used informally, "camel" (or, more 
correctly, "camelid") refers to any of the seven members of the Camelidae family: the dromedary, the Bactrian, and the wild Bactrian (the true camels) plus 
the llama, the alpaca, the guanaco, and the vicuña[5] (the "New World" camelids).

The dromedary (C. dromedarius), also known as the Arabian camel, inhabits the Middle East and the Horn of Africa, while the Bactrian (C. bactrianus) inhabits 
Central Asia, including the historical region of Bactria. The critically endangered wild Bactrian (C. ferus) is found only in remote areas of northwest China 
and Mongolia. An extinct species of camel[6] in the separate genus Camelops, known as C. hesternus,[7] lived in western North America before humans entered 
the continent at the end of the Pleistocene.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Camel





WIKIPEDIA No. 48



Cattle



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

Cattle—colloquially cows[note 1]—are the most common type of large domesticated ungulates. They are a prominent modern member of the subfamily Bovinae, are 
the most widespread species of the genus Bos, and are most commonly classified collectively as Bos taurus.

Cattle are commonly raised as livestock for meat (beef and veal), as dairy animals for milk and other dairy products, and as draft animals (oxen or bullocks 
that pull carts, plows and other implements). Other products include leather and dung for manure or fuel. In some regions, such as parts of India, cattle have 
significant religious meaning.

Around 10,500 years ago, cattle were domesticated from as few as 80 progenitors in southeast Turkey.[1] According to an estimate from 2011, there are 1.4 
billion cattle in the world.[2] In 2009, cattle became one of the first livestock animals to have a fully mapped genome.[3] Some consider cattle the oldest 
form of wealth, and cattle raiding consequently one of the earliest forms of theft.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cattle





WIKIPEDIA No. 49



Sheep



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

The sheep (Ovis aries) is a quadrupedal, ruminant mammal typically kept as livestock. Like most ruminants, sheep are members of the order Artiodactyla, the 
even-toed ungulates. Although the name "sheep" applies to many species in the genus Ovis, in everyday usage it almost always refers to Ovis aries. Numbering a 
little over one billion, domestic sheep are also the most numerous species of sheep. An adult female sheep is referred to as a ewe (/juː/), an intact male as 
a ram or occasionally a tup, a castrated male as a wether, and a younger sheep as a lamb.

Sheep are most likely descended from the wild mouflon of Europe and Asia. One of the earliest animals to be domesticated for agricultural purposes, sheep are 
raised for fleece, meat (lamb, hogget or mutton) and milk. A sheep's wool is the most widely used animal fiber, and is usually harvested by shearing. Ovine 
meat is called lamb when from younger animals and mutton when from older ones. Sheep continue to be important for wool and meat today, and are also 
occasionally raised for pelts, as dairy animals, or as model organisms for science.

Sheep husbandry is practised throughout the majority of the inhabited world, and has been fundamental to many civilizations. In the modern era, Australia, New 
Zealand, the southern and central South American nations, and the British Isles are most closely associated with sheep production.

Sheepraising has a large lexicon of unique terms which vary considerably by region and dialect. Use of the word sheep began in Middle English as a derivation 
of the Old English word scēap; it is both the singular and plural name for the animal. A group of sheep is called a flock, herd or mob. Many other specific 
terms for the various life stages of sheep exist, generally related to lambing, shearing, and age.

Being a key animal in the history of farming, sheep have a deeply entrenched place in human culture, and find representation in much modern language and 
symbology. As livestock, sheep are most often associated with pastoral, Arcadian imagery. Sheep figure in many mythologies—such as the Golden Fleece—and major 
religions, especially the Abrahamic traditions. In both ancient and modern religious ritual, sheep are used as sacrificial animals.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sheep





WIKIPEDIA No. 50



Goat



ANIMAL



CONTENTS OF INTRODUCTION:

The domestic goat (Capra aegagrus hircus) is a subspecies of goat domesticated from the wild goat of southwest Asia and Eastern Europe.

The goat is a member of the family Bovidae and is closely related to the sheep as both are in the goat-antelope subfamily Caprinae. There are over 300 
distinct breeds of goat.[1] Goats are one of the oldest domesticated species, and have been used for their milk, meat, hair, and skins over much of the 
world.[2] In 2011, there were more than 924 million live goats around the globe, according to the UN Food and Agriculture Organization.[3]

Female goats are referred to as "does" or "nannies", intact males are called "bucks" or "billies" and juveniles of both sexes are called "kids". Castrated 
males are called "wethers". While both the words "hirsine" and "caprine" refer to anything having a goat-like quality, the former is used most often to 
emphasize the distinct smell attributed to domestic goats.

REFERENCE:

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goat
