{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A lot of data can come in the form of not just individual objects with particular characteristics, but also objects that can be related to each other in certain ways. Examples of this can include say, friends on a social network, or citations in academic papers. This is somewhat similar to relational databases, but the relations in this case are all amongst discrete actors that have similar \'93status\'94 rather than rows that can differ. \
\
The usefulness of networks is that we can use them to examine relations between actors, and on a greater scale, relations within a given group of actors, rather than just individual actors. This then allows us to help determine certain facts and ideas about the group. For example, for a network of people, it may indicate if there are semi distinct cliques, or if there is a \'93leader\'94 amongst all the other actors. These then allow us to analyze the overarching structures of real world groups.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 In this case rather than examining theoretical or arbitrary networks, we can analyze ones that occur in the real world, such as those within social media, or other networks where there are actors that can have links, and delivering some higher level data that might lend insight into the nature of the network and potentially its relation to other networks. One of the big practical differences is that this allows us to reduce network information into quantifiable and qualitative data that might be easier to draw conclusions from than the raw network. This applied approach also means that certain characteristics of a network can be analyzed on a sliding scale, rather than as a hard binary as can be the case in graph theory\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Tutorial Contents\
This tutorial will start with some of the basics of networks and extend to bigger concepts. The software we\'92ll be using to help compute some examples is called ORA, developed by CASOS (or the Center for Computational Analysis of Social and Organizational Systems) at CMU, although having the software is not imperative. In order, the following will be covered\
\
Network Basics\
Path Basics\
Node Characteristics\
Geospatial Analysis\
Network Correlation\
\
Basics\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 In a network there is a set of nodes, which represent the actors and a set of links that can go between two nodes, which represent relations. If that sounds familiar, it\'92s because networks are effectively equivalent to graphs, with some modified terminology of \
Node - Vertex\
Link - Edge\
Otherwise they are conceptually the same. Networks can also be undirected or directed, with friendships being an example of the latter and say, monetary transactions between people being an example of the latter. They can also have weighted edges, which should be some quantity that would indicate something about the link in question. \
\
Paths\
A path is basically a sequence of nodes where each node has a link to the next and previous nodes. Usually these paths are ways for us to get from a particular starting node to a particular ending node by \'93walking\'94 along the links. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Importing Data Tutorial\
\
\
Network characteristics\
\
Density\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This is something that comes up in graph theory as well. it basically means that of all the potential links in the network, how many actually exist? A high density can mean that all the nodes have relations with almost all the other nodes in the graph, whereas a low density can indicate that nodes have relations with a select group but not necessarily with everyone else\
\
Characteristic Path Length\
Of particular importance are the shortest paths between two nodes, which often represent the closest set of connections they have. In the case of networks, we would be interested in how long these shortest paths are. If we average the length of the shortest paths amongst all pairs of nodes (excluding ones where that is not applicable) what we get is called the characteristic path length, and it can indicate something about the relative \'93distance\'94 of nodes. For example, in a network of airports and airplane traffic, a long characteristic path length could indicate that if you want to fly between two arbitrary cities, you should prepare for a lot of connecting flights. \
\
Reciprocity\
This is of importance in directed graphs. In effect, if node a has a link going to node b, how likely is it that there is a link in the opposite direction. In essence, how likely are links to be reciporcated?\
\
Characteristic path length tutorial\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
Node characteristics\
In examining nodes, we also are interested in the overall \'93importance\'94 of a given node. If the network represents people, does a given node correspond to a popular or unpopular person. If they were to say, espouse an idea, how quickly would it spread. More morbidly if we were to \'93remove\'94 this person, what impact would it have? There is no objective way to consider the importance of a given actor, so there are multiple measures that can potentially inform it.\
\
One of these characteristics is centrality, which is a characteristic of a singular node that usually in some way indicates its \'93importance\'94. There are multiple kinds of centrality and here are a few basic types\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}In-degree centrality: What is the degree of links coming in. This may indicate how many of a certain relation points inward toward the node \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Out-degree: What is the degree of outgoing links. This may indicate how many of a certain relation points inward toward the node.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Total-degree: What is the degree overall\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Betweenness: How many shortest paths between two nodes pass through this one? This one can indicate that a node may be an important link between two disparate groups or is in a potentially high traffic area (if the centrality is high). This can mean that say, the removal of nodes that have high betweenness causes the network to fracture more.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Eigenvector Centrality and PageRank Centrality - These are two different measures but both, in different ways indicate a node\'92s connections to other nodes that are high in centrality, essentially indicating the importance of neighbors\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Visual analysis\
}